---
title: No Reason To Be Frantic
date: 2026-03-18
---

I get stuck in these cycles where I binge on TV and garbage, then I set ridiculous goals for myself out of guilt..
//
There is never a reason to be frantic. Be excited that your life is about to get better. 
There IS a better way 

It's like your brain is eating too much candy. 

There is never a reason to be frantic.

You will treat your body better. You don't take care of yourself. That's why your life is shit. 

You use money as a distraction. That's why you use it as one of your drugs. You chase the high you get from daydreaming. But daydreaming is supposed to be fun. Not something your life depends on. 
Anytime you get angry at yourself - do this 15K hike, do this 45 minute workout with the heavy kettlebell, you are just trying to prove to yourself that you still got it. You are unconfident in yourself. 
You don't let yourself take a vacation. You don't see how much you have already done. You want to become a king but you don't treat yourself like one. If you don't treat yourself like a king when who will. A crown does not make you a king. You could be wearing a crown and injecting yourself with drugs. Did you buy that crown for yourself to distract from your terrible life. Or did you reward it to yourself. Your workout is a punishment for your bad behaviours that's why you never stick to it. That's why you never finish it. A crown in the modern day is a supercar. People who wear crowns. If you're an addict, I don't care what you're addicted to. You're an addict. Don't be an addict. 

Money is not the prize. Not being a robot for someone else, and instead making decisions for yourself everyday. They might get paid more or less. That doesn't matter, because you are doing the same thing as them - doing it for yourself. 

There is never a reason to be frantic. 
I use exercise to punish myself. 

OCD, audiobooks, podcasts, walking, cleaning, coffee, running, working out... these are all your distractions or ways to punish yourself. Just be present. Don't be frantic. It is happening now. Let your brain relax. Just let your brain relax. Slow it down. You yes Yes you can.
