---
title: I CARE
date: 2026-05-3
---

How much more journaling is it going to take for me to not be pissed off all the time?

//

We need to do better than this. Did you really just tell her that she can't have an exchange for something she waited two years for?? Why are we telling her she can't have her exchange?! Go back and tell her you're sorry and send her what she wants. 

//

I don't have time to wait dude. You need me, I don't need you. If you want to wrap my car, I need it done this weekend. Otherwise there is a lineup of people waiting to steal this job. 

Well that's not my problem. You chose your life. You could've been where I am. Don't hate me because I'm living my best life. Or do. I don't care. 

//

I paid you 500 last week, 200 last month, 255 a few days after because you were being an annoying little child. Your taxes are not my problem. Why are you asking me for money?

//

I already filled all this shit out and paid for the procedure. This is getting really annoying. Fix all this and make it work. I don't have time for this.

//

Yeah well I don't look forward to any of this. I don't want to do this everyday. This does not light me up. I feel trapped. I was lied to. It was all a lie. 

//

No. You didn't even try, you fucking pussy.

//

You had the chance to come outside. You didn't take it. Bye.

//

There you go. There you fucking go. Do you take me seriously now, bitch??

//

You fucking dumb bitch your website sucks ass. Fix it before you dump your money into ads 

//

leave me the fuck alone you fucking child

//

She's NOT a queen. She's a fucking child and will be treated like one! She gets all the luxuries in the world! UNLIMITED treats! UNLIMITED wet food! HOURS of time outside, ON COMMAND. Yet her demands just keep growing and growing! And this is the payback I get? Constantly screaming in my ear!? Peeing on my bed every single day?? How am I supposed to do my work?? How am I supposed to make decisions like this? How much more am I supposed to take?? She doesn't know how good she has it! But she will fucking learn! 

NO MORE TREATS!
NO MORE FOOD UNTIL HER BOWL IS EMPTY!
NO MORE UNLIMITED PLAY TIME OUTSIDE!
LOCKED IN THE BATHROOM WHEN IM NOT HOME!

//

You're not strong, or independent or a woman. You're an entitled child with and attitude who was never taught respect. 

///

First make sure you can afford lawsuit against ME. I will fire back with everything I have, then sue you for everything you have. 

///

Fuck you you piece of shit. You're all the fucking same. You insecure, jealous, controlling, lying, fake piece of garbage. I can't believe I didn't throw you out earlier. I will NEVER be yours! 

Fuck you 🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼

///

You tried to own me.
