---
title: 32083
date: 2026-06-28
---

She was a security guard. I wanted her to tackle me. I wanted to see what she's got. I am so tired of these girly girls, especially in this day and age. I am tired of babysitting these "girlfriends" who cry because they didn't get enough roses, or because they want everything sugarcoated. I feel like I have never even met a real woman. An equal. A worthy challenger. Truly someone who I could trust with my life just as much as she could trust me with hers. Not someone who is an extra body for me to constantly worry about. Someone I could truly respect.  

Security guard isn't a particularly glamorous or well paying profession. I'm ex military, and even that just barely covered the bills. Especially for the lifestyle I live. 

I am insecure about my height. You wouldn't describe me as a short person, but I'm definitely absolutely nowhere near tall. I'll let you imagine my exact height. It's more fun that way. Perhaps my insecurity is the reason for my success at literally everything I ever try. Except relationships. Every single one has failed spectacularly More than on that though. Unless i decide otherwise.

I am athletic. I frequently get compliments on how young I look for being in my early thirties. And I can almost guarantee two things - I have more friends than you, and I am lonelier than you. You see, I took and exceptionally unnecessarily twisted winding path to my success over the past four years. They felt like ten years. It feels like i have far outgrown everyone I know.

They want to part of my life. They get something from me. I don't know exactly what that is, but they do keep inviting me out year after year. I accept every third or so invitation.

She stood there unphased by the rain. Her sharp chiselled face observing, contemplating. Her uniform fit her well.  She had to have been taller than me, there's no way she wasn't. I don't really care that much about looks though. The confidence that she must've had to stand there, protecting. A job that most men cower from. Who was she? What had her life been? What led her to this?

I imagined her taking trying to take me down. I had no interest in robbing the store. I could buy the whole plaza if I wanted to. But I could still see it in my mind - her tackling me to the ground and trying to restrain me. At first I let her out of curiosity. But then... 

I don't know. I would pull out a note or something that says I'm not trying to rob the place, I just want your number. Idk. Is that stupid? 
